docs: update issue template (#26293)
electron/electron: docs/development/issues.md

will be presented with a template that should be filled in.

```markdown

> <!--  As an open source project with a dedicated but small maintainer team, it can sometimes take a long time for issues to be addressed so please be patient and we will get back to you as soon as we can.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--  Please be patient! We are a small team.
```

-->

### Preflight Checklist

> <!-- Please ensure you've completed the following steps by replacing [ ] with [x]-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Please replace [ ] with [x] after completing each step -->
```

> * [ ] I have read the [Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/electron/electron/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for this project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] I have read the [Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/electron/electron/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```

> * [ ] I agree to follow the [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/electron/electron/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) that this project adheres to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] I will follow the [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/electron/electron/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
```

> * [ ] I have searched the issue tracker for an issue that matches the one I want to file, without success.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] I looked but did not find this issue in the [issue tracker](https://github.com/electron/electron/issues).
```

### Issue Details

* **Electron Version:**
  * <!-- (output of `node_modules/.bin/electron --version`) e.g. 4.0.3 -->
* **Operating System:**

>   * <!-- (Platform and Version) e.g. macOS 10.13.6 / Windows 10 (1803) / Ubuntu 18.04 x64 -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * <!-- (Platform and Version) e.g. macOS 10.13.6 / Windows 10 (1803) / Ubuntu 20.04 x64 -->
```

* **Last Known Working Electron version:**

>   * <!-- (if applicable) e.g. 3.1.0 -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * <!-- (if applicable) e.g. 10.1.5 -->
```

### Expected Behavior

> <!-- A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Describe what you expected to happen. -->
```

### Actual Behavior

> <!-- A clear and concise description of what actually happened. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Describe what actually happened. -->
```

### To Reproduce
<!--
Your best chance of getting this bug looked at quickly is to provide an example.

> -->

Reviewer: These paragraphs could probably all go in one `<!--` ... `-->` block to reduce the visual nosiness

<!--

> For bugs that can be encapsulated in a small experiment, you can use Electron Fiddle (https://github.com/electron/fiddle) to publish your example to a GitHub Gist and link it your bug report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For bugs that can be encapsulated in a small experiment, please use Electron Fiddle (https://github.com/electron/fiddle) to publish your example to a GitHub Gist and link it your bug report.
```

-->

<!--
If Fiddle is insufficient to produce an example, please provide an example REPOSITORY that can be cloned and run. You can fork electron-quick-start (https://github.com/electron/electron-quick-start) and include a link to the branch with your changes.
-->

<!--

> If you provide a URL, please list the commands required to clone/setup/run your repo e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you provide a URL, please list the steps to use your repo e.g.
```

$ git clone $YOUR_URL -b $BRANCH
$ npm install
$ npm start || electron .

-->

### Screenshots

> <!-- If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- If applicable, add screenshots to help explain the issue. -->
```

### Additional Information

> <!-- Add any other context about the problem here. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Add any other context about the issue here. -->
```
